# UDACITY

## UDACITY’S INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS

The Services are owned and operated by Udacity and its licensors. All content or other material available through the Services, including, but not limited to, information on the Websites, on-line lectures, speeches, video or other lessons, applications, pre-assessments and assessments, quizzes, presentation materials, homework assignments, programming assignments, programs, code, licenses, and other images, text, layouts, arrangements, displays, illustrations, documents, surveys, materials, audio and video clips, HTML, and files (collectively, the "Content"), are the property of Udacity and/or its affiliates or licensors and are protected by copyright, patent and/or other proprietary intellectual property rights under United States and foreign law.

Udacity logos, trademarks and service marks which may appear on the Website(s), throughout the Services and in Online Courses ("Marks"), are the property of Udacity and are protected under United States and foreign laws. All other trademarks, service marks, and logos used on the Services, with or without attribution, are the trademarks, service marks, or logos of their respective owners. In addition, elements of the Services are protected by trade dress and other federal and state intellectual property laws and may not be copied, reproduced, downloaded or distributed in any way in whole or in part without the express written consent of Udacity.

From time to time, Udacity may include software, code, instructions, or other such information in the Content or materials for the Services; any such information is provided on an "as-is" basis for instructional purposes only and is subject to the Disclaimer of Warranties and Limitation of Liabilities sections below and other terms herein. Any use of such information for commercial purposes is strictly prohibited. Udacity and/or its affiliates and licensors reserve all rights not expressly granted herein to the Services, Content, and Marks.
